Fix various bugs in Line Analysis, force 1D spectrum viewer to respect Unit Conversion plugin choices when data is removed / re-loaded (#3746)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Specviz2d
^^^^^^^^^

> - Fix various bugs in model fitting, including some issues with spectral axis unit conversions and deletion of subsets [#3746]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix various bugs in the Line Analysis plugin, including some issues with spectral axis unit conversions and deletion of subsets [#3746]
```
